a 6-ton orcas slaps its tail with
awesome destructive
under the water tail slaps are used to
stun the herring
some fish come too quickly and escape
back to the safety of the shore but most
are picked off by the orcas one by one
soon the water glitters and fish scales
as the orcas methodically consumed the
ball of fish
by breaking up the herring into a
smaller show the orcas have done the
humpbacks a favor turning the usual
relationship between the animals on its
head
[Music]
everywhere else on earth orcas or the
humpbacks biggest enemy but here
humpbacks cashier on the colossal fish
supper
[Music]
on the humpbacks aren't the only ones to
gatecrash the August party
massive fin whales that's what our 3,000
herring in a single gulp
[Music]
deadly enemies feed side-by-side
a unique scene only possible here
because of the warmth of the Gulf Stream
you